Warn about scans in security section. (#80)
apache/solr-site: content/pages/security.md

template: security

## How to report a security issue

### CVEs in Solr dependencies

> Solr depends on lots of other open-source software -- "dependencies".  If a CVE is published (a publicly identified vulnerability) against one of them, the Solr project will review it to see if it's actually exploitable in Solr -- usually they aren't.  Please review the [officially published non-exploitable vulnerabilities](https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/SOLR/SolrSecurity#SolrSecurity-SolrandVulnerabilityScanningTools) before taking any steps.  If you **don't** see a CVE there, you should take the following steps:

Reviewer: do as you wish, but I prefer that when writing markdown/asciidoc, that sentences start on a new line.  Much of our Ref Guide thankfully was upgraded to this style by Cassandra.

1. Search through the [Solr users mailing list](https://lists.apache.org/list.html?users@solr.apache.org) to see if anyone else has brought up this dependency CVE.
1. If no one has, then please do [subscribe to the users mailing list](https://solr.apache.org/community.html#mailing-lists-chat) and then send an email asking about the CVE.

### Exploits found in Solr

> The Solr PMC will not accept the output of a vulnerability scan as a security report.

Reviewer: This line is only applicable to "CVEs in Solr dependencies".  You could begin that section with this sentence.

> If you believe you have discovered a vulnerability in Solr, you may first want to consult the [list of known false positives](https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/SOLR/SolrSecurity#SolrSecurity-SolrandVulnerabilityScanningTools) to make sure you are reporting a real vulnerability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Solr depends on lots of other open-source software -- "dependencies".  If a CVE is published (a publicly identified vulnerability) against one of them, the Solr project will review it to see if it's actually exploitable in Solr -- usually they aren't.  The non-exploitable vulnerabilities are published [on this Confluence page](https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/SOLR/SolrSecurity#SolrSecurity-SolrandVulnerabilityScanningTools).  If you don't see a CVE there, ask us about it.
```

Author: I like this, but I guess it begs the question where should they ask us. On the security@ or users@ list?

Reviewer: security@ is reasonable / prudent, I think.

Then please disclose responsibly by following [these ASF guidelines](https://www.apache.org/security/) for reporting.

> The Solr PMC will not accept the output of a vulnerability scan as a security report.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Solr PMC will not accept the output of a vulnerability scan as a security report.
The main problem scanning tools have is that they doesn't know which vulnerabilities have been deemed non-exploitable based on how Solr (or other software) use them.
Consult the list above.
```

> Please do not email the security list with issues on Solr dependencies or outputs from vulnerability scanning tools.

Reviewer 2: Not 100% sure about this... I'd perhaps state explicitly that in most cases you should email solr's public lists about already-public CVEs in our dependencies.

Only if they can describe how a vulnerable dependency enables a new, unknown exploit against Solr, should they report to security list.

Reviewer: Shrug; but they may have found something exploitable.  It could be awkward to respond to this in a public list before we are ready to manage the timeline of the remediation.

Author: Kevin messaged me and had similar concerns. I am of Jan's opinion that if its public, its public and attackers will probably not be waiting to hear something about it on the Solr users mailing list. I could be wrong though.

Reviewer: Hopefully if the reporter believes it's exploitable, they still won't do that.
